Larger than 0 for ECN (#308)
quicwg/ack-frequency: draft-ietf-quic-ack-frequency.md

## Expediting Explicit Congestion Notification (ECN) Signals {#congestion}

> If the Ack-Eliciting Threshold is larger than 0, an endpoint SHOULD send

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of the Ack-Eliciting Threshold, an endpoint SHOULD send
```
